NOTE:

The licence on these schema files is not GPL, or a standard Open
Source licence.  Be careful to redistribute thes files as part of
Samba or 'your implementation', but not alone.

--

Intellectual Property Rights Notice for Protocol Documentation

Copyrights. 
This protocol documentation is covered by Microsoft
copyrights. Regardless of any other terms that are contained in the
terms of use for the Microsoft website that hosts this documentation,
you may make copies of it in order to develop implementations of the
protocols, and may distribute portions of it in your implementations
of the protocols or your documentation as necessary to properly
document the implementation. You may also distribute in your
implementation, with or without modification, any schema, IDL's, or
code samples that are included in the documentation. This permission
also applies to any documents that are referenced in the protocol
documentation.

No Trade Secrets. 
Microsoft does not claim any trade secret rights in this documentation.

Patents. 
Microsoft has patents that may cover your implementations of the
protocols.  Neither this notice nor Microsoft's delivery of the
documentation grants any licenses under those or any other Microsoft
patents.  However, the protocols may be covered by MicrosoftÂ’s Open
Specification Promise (available here:
http://www.microsoft.com/interop/osp).  If you would prefer a written
license, or if the protocols are not covered by the OSP, patent
licenses are available by contacting protocol@microsoft.com.

Trademarks. 
The names of companies and products contained in this documentation
may be covered by trademarks or similar intellectual property
rights. This notice does not grant any licenses under those
rights.Reservation of Rights.  All other rights are reserved, and this
notice does not grant any rights other than specifically described
above, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.

Tools. 
This protocol documentation is intended for use in conjunction with
publicly available standard specifications and network programming
art, and assumes that the reader either is familiar with the
aforementioned material or has immediate access to it.  A protocol
specification does not require the use of Microsoft programming tools
or programming environments in order for you to develop an
implementation.  If you have access to Microsoft programming tools and
environments you are free to take advantage of them.

